AI Software Developer, AVP:

Full job description
Who we are looking for
Our mission is to explore, enable and exploit artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing, cognitive computing and intelligent automation at scale with applicability into the financial data, risk and global markets . We are looking for a successful candidate with:
3+ years experience with Python libraries and common frameworks and tools.
Advanced coding and software engineering skills, and familiarity with software engineering principles around testing, code reviews and deployment.
Familiarity with AI/ML systems, natural language processing a plus
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
What you will be responsible for
As AI Software Developer you will be responsible to architect and develop technical solutions to address business requirements along multiple developing teams across a variety of financial products.
What we value
These skills will help you succeed in this role
Understanding of machine learning algorithms and techniques, including supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and deep learning.
Ability to work with large-scale datasets and implement scalable ML solutions.
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to think critically about complex technical challenges.
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to articulate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Are you the right candidate? Yes!
We truly believe in the power that comes from the diverse backgrounds and experiences our employees bring with them. Although each vacancy details what we are looking for, we don’t necessarily need you to fulfil all of them when applying. If you like change and innovation, seek to see the bigger picture, make data driven decisions and are a good team player, you could be a great fit.
Why this role is important to us
Our technology function, Global Technology Services (GTS), is vital to State Street and is the key enabler for our business to deliver data and insights to our clients. We’re driving the company’s digital transformation and expanding business capabilities using industry best practices and advanced technologies such as cloud, artificial intelligence and robotics process automation.
We offer a collaborative environment where technology skills and innovation are valued in a global organization. We’re looking for top technical talent to join our team and deliver creative technology solutions that help us become an end-to-end, next-generation financial services company.
Join us if you want to grow your technical skills, solve real problems and make your mark on our industry.
About State Street
What we do. State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation, we’re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we’ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients.
Work, Live and Grow. We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary by location, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans, among other perks. You’ll have access to flexible Work Programs to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential.
Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility. We truly believe our employees’ diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift programs and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you.
State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Salary Range:
$100,000 - $160,000 Annual
The range quoted above applies to the role in the primary location specified. If the candidate would ultimately work outside of the primary location above, the applicable range could differ.
Job Application Disclosure:
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.
State Street's Speak Up Line
